
https://codepen.io/JoshBG/pen/dyvJrzM?editors=1100



<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    tags that specify their content, such as h1, table, header
    2. What is HTML used for?
    html is a markup language used as the foundation for building websites 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute is terms to further define a tag, put inside of the angle brackets.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for the title page, and should only be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    image and anchor tags need an attribute.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    our stylesheet and script locations. 
    7. What is an id? 
    An Id is an attribute that identifies one tag, ids are unique to one element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    class identifies a group of element. can be used on multiple elements on a page for selection in css
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    any element can have a class 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    you would use the target attribute and assign it _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    if the location or file for an image is unavailable the element will display the information in alt attribute in place of original content
    15. How do I reference an id?
    using #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section groups related content, a div is a container to store elements to better organize and style content
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    css is used to style html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    using an element selector, for example to select all h2 on a page you would use selector 
    h2{
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class an attribute to be able to reference a group of elements for a common style, and id is used to reference a single element. a class would be used to change all
    paragraphs that share a class to a specific style, while an id would be used to reference a single element that you want to manipulate without affecting other selectors
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    using .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human{
    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a parent child selector is a way of being more specific with selectors by targeting a element nested in another element. this could be useful for targeting 
    and element nested in a element that is being styles via class selector but you want to change an element within that to something different
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div a.sidebar{    
    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that indicate how a element should behave when certain actions are met, such as hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted 1px black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
     ctrl + a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm, and we have to be careful with this because there is no warning prompt when deleting. 
    34. Why should I use version control?
    to keep track of changes and work to help with collaboration 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    after big changes, or every 20-30mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    fork, clone, create branch. change file, save, add, commit, and push back to git, then request pull. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    an inline element will apply in the same line while a block element will take up a whole space across the screen. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 